hey guys canoopsy here and this is the
Apple watch the model I have here is a
42 millimeter stainless steel model with
the black sport band and I've been using
an Apple watch for about a month now and
it's give me time to understand exactly
what the device does but it doesn't do
and if you should buy one
I see the Apple watch is a combination
between the iPod Nano 6th generation and
a more traditional find watch it has all
the features of the iPod Nano and has a
build quality and luxurious feel of a
normal watch of course the Apple watch
has many features that the iPod doesn't
have such as connectivity to your phone
but it still carries over the basic
looks and functionality that the iPod
introduced the Apple watch doesn't
really do too much different from other
smart watches on the market but does
have a different design a large range of
customizability and the software isn't
really anything new but does have a much
more refined experience and a few useful
features speaking of the design it's one
of my favorite parts of the Apple watch
some don't like the rectangular display
but I think it's great for reading text
and notifications the design of the
Apple watch is very sharp seamless and
refined and up close you can see some of
the amazing detail I went into the Apple
watch such as the ridges in digital
crown or the engraving on the back going
around the Apple watch we have a friends
button to contact your friends quickly
as well as digital crown used for
scrolling and as a home button we also
have a water-resistant speaker and
microphone that both work great at the
bottom we have all of the sensors as
well as some detailed engravings about
your specific Apple watch the Retina
display of the Apple watch really looks
great especially outdoors and you'll be
able to see any individual pixels
whatsoever in daily use and since the
display is forced touch if you press it
hard in there within an application
it'll bring a variety of actions that
you can perform the sport band on my
model feels very comfortable and soft
and it barely feels like you're even
wearing it it's also sweat resistant so
you have to worry about that either
putting the sport band on for the first
time is a little bit difficult and
confusing but after you've done it a few
times it's very easy to figure out and
it doesn't fall off at all because of
the small slot at the very end for the
excess band one of my favorite and one
of the most unique features of the Apple
watch is a digital crown it can be used
for scrolling through large lists and
it's very useful and it feels very fluid
and it's a lot like using a scroll wheel
on a mouse it just feels natural
if you briefly push it in it will bring
you back to the main screen and if you
hold it for a few seconds cereal pop
and answer any of your questions another
way to trigger Siri on the Apple watch
is to say hey Siri when the watch face
is on most of times here we'll be able
to answer many of your questions and
commands it can only answer basic
questions and commands but sometimes it
will even ask you to use your iPhone to
answer questions using Siri which
totally eliminates the convenience of
using it on the Apple watch clicking the
friends button once brings you to a list
of user programs friends that you
contact often and if you hold in the
button it brings you to a menu where you
can turn off the device put on power
reserved mode or you can lock it if you
double click the button it brings up
Apple pay once you select a friend from
the list you can either call them send
them a message or if they have an Apple
watch you can draw them a sketch you can
poke them a few times or you can send
them your heartbeats the last option is
just a little bit creepy it I've been
setting my heart be to some random
person on reddit whether or not they
appreciate it is an entirely new
question in itself when it comes to
watch faces there's a huge amount of
customizability on the Apple watch
there's things like the Mickey Mouse
watch face the modular watch face and
there's motion watch faces that feature
things like flowers butterflies or a
jellyfish the sad thing is though is if
you get bored of these faces there's no
third party options
hopefully Apple will decide to add third
party watch faces in the near future but
for now we're stuck with these ones not
like they're really bad at all they are
really well designed watch faces
there's also glances on the Apple watch
which gives you access to quick
information when you swipe up from the
bottom of the watch face these are
actually very useful and sometimes I
found myself using these glances more
than I've been using the actual apps on
the home screen performance on the Apple
watch is usually very fluent and smooth
but sometimes you will experience a few
drops and frames and a bit of lag here
and there when you're closing
applications but the Apple watch does
have pretty good hardware inside of it
the only downside of the software so far
from out of experience is the
third-party apps there's a massive
selection of third-party apps for the
Apple watch but the only problem is that
they actually run off of your phone and
not on the Apple watch
so they're basically streaming content
from your phone to the watch which makes
them very slow to start and very slow to
update information the apps are pretty
well designed but it's really hard to
decide if you should use them or not
for example should I really be making
calculations or browsing Instagram on my
Apple watch I can just take out my phone
and do it a whole lot quicker it's a
little bit of an iffy situation and I
hope developers will changes later by
adding more functionality to the Apple
watch applications
to go through every single aspect of
what the software can do it would take
forever but it pretty much does
everything other smartwatches can do
except everything's a little bit more
refined there's a huge selection of
applications
lastly the battery life of the Apple
watch is actually not bad at all it will
definitely get you through a full day
and if you want to see a more in depth
video I did make a full separate video
on this and I will have the link in the
description down below but basically
you'll be able to get through an entire
day or maybe a second day no problem the
time actually comes to charge your Apple
watch all you have to do is place it on
the inductive charging pad and there you
go it's super easy and quick to do to
conclude this has been my review of the
Apple watch it's a great SmartWatch with
a good design functionality and
customization the only downside of my
opinion is the third-party apps another
potential downside is the price
the Apple watch starts at 349 for the
sport model in 38 millimeters and goes
all the way up to $17,000 for the most
expensive model quite expensive for a
SmartWatch besides the price and the
third-party apps the Apple watch is
definitely the best choice you have if
you have an iPhone and you want a
SmartWatch you definitely do not need
the Apple watch at all but if you want
it go out and buy it it's a fun device
to play with and it's a look at the
future of wearable technology coming
from Apple if you enjoyed my review of
the Apple watch be sure to leave a like
down below comments any thoughts you
have on the Apple watch and subscribe if
you haven't already thank you for
watching